Add guides to docs (#1522)
hikari-py/hikari: docs/guides/data.md

# Obtaining Data

Many operations you might want to do via your bot may require additional data to complete, for example, information

> about users, guilds, channels, and so on. There's two main ways of obtaining this information, which is detailed below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about users, guilds, channels, and so on. There's two main ways of obtaining this information, both detailed below.
```

## REST

The first option is to query the Discord API directly for this information, which, while typically guarantees to
provide the most up-to-date information possible, is much slower and consumes API ratelimits. Therefore it is advisable
to avoid calling these often (e.g. per event).

```py
bot = hikari.GatewayBot(...)
# OR
bot = hikari.RESTBot(...)

> # -- Snip --

Reviewer: Personally I feel the snip is unnecessary again, but that's just my opinion

# Requesting a specific guild's data
guild_id = ...
guild = await bot.rest.fetch_guild(guild_id)
print(f"The guild's name is {guild.name}!")

```

> All rest calls can be performed via the bot's `RESTClient` instance, which can be accessed via `bot.rest`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All rest calls can be performed via the `bot`'s `RESTClient` instance, which can be accessed via `bot.rest`.
```
because you're referring to the `bot` instance used in the example

```{note}
Please note that the available data may depend on what intents your bot has. For example, you cannot fetch specific members

> without the members intent. Please see the intents section of the guide for more on this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
without the `GUILD_MEMBERS` intent. Please see the intents section of the guide for more on this.
```
& link to intents section

```

You can also use the `RESTClient` to perform actions on Discord via your bot, for example send a message, create a new role,
or kick someone.

```py
channel_id = ...
await bot.rest.create_message(channel_id, "Hello!")
```

For all available rest methods, see [this page](https://docs.hikari-py.dev/en/latest/reference/hikari/api/rest/).

## Cache

```{note}

> The cache is only available if your application uses `GatewayBot` as it's base.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cache is only available if your application uses `GatewayBot` as its base.
```

```

hikari, by default, caches most objects received in events through the gateway, and also performs a process called "chunking"

> on startup, where it populates the bot's cache with guilds, channels (and members, if you have the priviliged intent). Accessing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on startup, where it populates the bot's cache with guilds, channels (and members, if you have that priviliged intent). Accessing
```

data this way is much faster, and doesn't consume ratelimits, therefore it is the recommended way of obtaining information.

```py
guild_id = ...
guild = bot.cache.get_guild(guild_id)
print(f"The guild's name is {guild.name}!")
```

> All cache calls can be performed via the bot's `Cache` instance, which can be accessed via `bot.cache`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All cache calls can be performed via the `bot`'s `Cache` instance, which can be accessed via `bot.cache`.
```
